Your description does not sound like a regular floater. Since its a new problem I would suggest you see an Eye MD ophthalmologist. Find one near you at www.aao.orgJCH MD
I am not certain about the weight loss but I just want to congratulate you for getting your BP under control. This is likely one of the more stressful events you will probably experience in your life yet you have managed to obtain a very healthy BP. That is not an easy thing to do so my hat is off to you.
Smoking will not effect the octcome of treatment..... Best to you.
He has no memory of the accident or the day before, and he gets very angry real easy.    The medication they originally had him on was Methadone, mainly because it was cheap and he is allergic to one kind has hyper sensitivity to a couple others.    He has been very honest to his doctors about his drinking again and has not exaggerated to the amount either.    Of course I go with him to all of his Dr. appointments because he admits he can not remember what they tell him.    I know we only have a few more days at most a week before they give him the Medicaid here and then hopefully there will be some significant changes.    I have tried to suggest he talk to someone but that is one thing he flat refuses to do.    Why? I don't know,The other thing i forgot to mention in my earlier post is my husband also has sleep apnea, loud snoring and sometimes he will struggle with his    breathing, I have actually had to shove him hardand yell breathe to start    his breathing to go back to normal rythum (sp).    I just keep praying that he will realize what he is really doing to himself.    Thank you for the suggestion will keep trying to get him to at least talk to someone.
First you have to remember you have received the appropriate therapy to kill either infection in a diagnosed person, so either if you had it or not, rest assured unless you had another exposure, you sure don't have it anymore.Second, they do the identifications now with PCR testing, so it picks up even very small amounts of microbial dna or rna.
Thank You Sir for taking the time to answer my question. I was paranoid for a long time because I was afraid that a possible bleeding cut on cut contact may have been a risk.Thank you again very much !
The above results you posted do NOT at ALL mean you are likely to have a child with Down Syndrome.    The chromosome analysis shows that the large marjority the baby's cells were normal female: 46,XX, but there were some cells that were missing an X and some that had an extra X.When cells divide during a development of a pregnancy, sometimes there can be errors in division, but the result of that testing on your pregnancy does NOT mean you cannot have healthy babies.    Many times the presence of extra or missing chromosomes is happenstance and has nothing to do with the parent, it's simply bad luck.    However, with those results, you might benefit from genetic counseling and testing of your own chromosomes to exclude contributory factors.    Best of luck.ducky406:Many women with Turner's syndrome are highly functional and suffer no mental retardation, and although infertility is the norm other health problems may not be present in many cases.
I believe its ur london friend also because 2wks after our last menstrual is usually when we ovulate I am not a doctor however u can always use a pregnancy calculator nd get the estimates or the best thing would b to go to the doctor they estimate of conception would b a lil more precise good luck with everything.
We need a Hallmark Movie for this! I've already started the crying. Yeah. We're medical miracles... Congratulations! Karen :)
Thanks for the help. I live around Houston TX, in Katy. Would be interested in your referrals around here for GPs , etc. It would be at least a place to start, since I am clueless right now as to who I might call or see. It is important to have staff members who are really caring, as we see more of them than the doctor himself!!!
I don't think there will be any effect on your color perception with either an AcrySof or a Tecnis lens.
He should just ignore the girl.    She might not even be pregnant and is just saying this OR she could be and this is indeed his child OR she could be and this isn't his child.    He and his whole family should just ignore her and see what happens.    Let them come to this conclusion on THEIR own.Your statement...."Like you say, i personally wont get involved but i will pass anything i find out onto my boyfriend so he can tell their dad and the dad can maybe advise."    That's still getting involved in my opinion.    I would just let your bf's brother fight his own battles.    He has made poor choices which fed into this unfortunate situation and he needs to figure out how to handle this.    I wouldn't advise them with this at all as this could BACKFIRE on you.    Stay out of it COMPLETELY.    The father and/or mother should be able to assist his/her son with figuring this out since they are the parents.Nothing "legally" you can do about this.....nothing legal you can do about someone who lied and is trying to trick someone into fatherhood.    If that was the case legal systems would be overwhelmed all over.He definitely NEEDS to make better choices especially if he can't afford to take care of a child he already has.    He is obviously putting himself in these bad situations because of his poor choices.    He needs to do some "self-reflection" about his actions.    Even if the girl lied that doesn't exempt him from responsibility for his actions.It is more than a "bit of a messy situation".....it is more he needs to think BEFORE he acts, i.e. having sex with girls/women he is not serious about.    He is lucky he didn't get an STD as well.To Add.....if he doesn't want to be a father again, then he needs to take the proper precautions and not just "believe" what some girl is telling him or ABSTAIN from sex until he is in a HEALTHY, COMMITTED relationship.
I'm so proud of you!!     I hope you continue to feel great.     I don't recall how long you have been using, so I'm hoping your recovery goes much smoother with less lows and more natural highs.    :)
Doctors won't remove your thyroid just because you are hypo.    It's not unmanageable, you just have to learn what needs to be done, then go about doing it.    Even if you had your thyroid removed, you would have to take medication to replace the hormones your thyroid should be producing, because you'll die without them.What are the actual levels of your Free T3, Free T4, TSH, along with the reference ranges stated on your lab report.    What tests were done to diagnose Hashimoto's?Yes, thyroid issues can mess up your menstrual cycle AND cause ringing in the ears.    Sex hormones, which control your menstrual cycle, and thyroid hormones are both part of the endocrine system; these hormones all need to be in sync with each other in order for things to work right......
GREAT GREAT GREAT NEWS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!it proves that the liver histology can improve    while infected.Very very happy for you.can not help you with bx terminology since I am a FibroScan guy myselfbut I am sure others will chime in.Bali
hi there i didnt want to just read an run! i haven't had the same thing happen to me but my mum was told when she was having me there was a high chance i would have downs but i did! i think when you look in to it the chance is slim and i know that all we want for our children is for them to be happy and healthy but even if ur baby dose have downs syndrome they are wonderful children that can lead very full lives and im sure no matter what ur baby will bring you tons of happiness
That's what we do. I'm glad your feeling better. :)
I think the advice of not taking the BB unless you have an event is good.    Your bp and hr sound good.    I don't know about the flutter tho -- no experience there.    I would try this regimen and then adjust or see the doctor again    as needed.I opted out of the Advantage Plan for that very reason.    I can use my traditional Medicare anywhere that accepts it.I started taking a BB after my Afib event.    Atentolol was easier to tolerate than Toprol for me.    I take it in 1/4 of a 25 mg. tablet and keep an eye on my bp and hr.    If they are too low, I delay the dose.    Are you in flutter all the time or just now and then?Good luck to you.
WHen I went for my test today, the doctor told me that I have got an oral thrush. How likely is it to have an oral thrush in 12 th week after exposure.M even more worried now.
Buspar is associated with serotonin syndrome from what I've read. It effects the 5-HT1a serotonin receptor. It is unclear whether THC raises serotonin, I have read both sides "it can" and "no it doesn't", so I don't know.
It's completely normal for your cycles to fluctuate when you are young as your body is trying to regulate your hormones and eventually your cycles will become more regular. This may take a few more cycles or another couple years for this to occur, it really just depends on how your body reacts, since everyone is different and will react differently to hormones. You can try tracking your cycles/periods on a calendar and put a mark on the date you start and keep track of the starting and ending date each month, and then you may be able to sort of predict when your next period will come. You know that the shortest cycle so far has been 34 days, so from your last period you can start 34 days from then or a small amount of time later.
I saw the pancreatic surgeon today. It didn't go very well, not because he's a bad doctor but he didn't give me very good news.There were two doctors actually, the pancreatic surgeon and the general surgeon. The general surgeon examined me first and then the pancreatic surgeon came in to deliver my news.He said that this tumor will eventually become cancerous. He did say that these cancers are very slow growing and gave me the option to wait 6 months to do another MRI to check its progression. My other option was to have it surgically removed.Sounds simple at first right? Remove the thing before it turns into cancer! Well, the surgery is absolutely horrific. First off, the location of this tumor is causing him to have to remove half of my entire pancreas. He wants to remove HALF my pancreas. AND since the pancreas and the spleen all share the same circulation he has to remove my spleen too!A person can live with out a spleen but your immunity to infection is lowered. Here's my concern. I'M IN SCHOOL TO BECOME A DOCTOR!!! How in the world am I supposed to be a doctor with a compromised immune system?? I can't be around sick people after this surgery!And this isn't even half of it. The surgery is quite extensive. It will take about 4 hours to complete, it requires a 5 day hospital stay, I can't eat for 3 days after, my blood sugar will be crazy so they will be injecting me with insulin, I have to be on blood thinners after, I'll have an NG tube (tube in the nose that goes down into the stomach), I'll have a drainage tube at the incision site that I have to wear for a while, AND there is a chance I will be type 1 diabetic for the rest of my life.I'm just devastated. I'm so so stressed out. I feel like this surgery is going to ruin me. But if I don't do it then I'll get cancer! I just can't win in this situation. I'm so lost and scared. I haven't made a decision on what to do yet and figured I needed a few days to think about it. Neither option sounds good but eventually I will have to have this surgery because it will become cancer one day. I just have to suck it up and face this surgery but this is just so damn hard. I really didn't see this coming.I'm really really lost right now.
HIV is not spread by oral sex, giving or receiving, even if sores, gum disease or blood is presentDR HOOKThe fact is that there are no cases in which HIV has been proven to be transmitted by oral sex, including fellatio..    EWH
Do you know what this could possibly be then?    Because I've stopped masturbating for a while now and the edges of the tip still have light black outlines that kind of seem like bruises.
the way you are feeling now is the drugs talking. they have poisoned your body and your mind. they have control over you. as long as you have breath, there is still hope. you can hope and trust in God. ask Him to give to a hope and a future. believe me He will.just cry out to Him and He will hear you. then    find any church and talk to the pastor. God is able to help you. if you don't have a job right now why don't you go to a rehab? you will get help from the counselors there and you will find friends. i will pray for you/blessings to you,debbie
You are not paying attention and there is no reason to repeat ourselves.
I had some imaging so far, like this has been 2 years, they waited for my platelets to increase to go on treatment, however they dont. they get eaten by my spleen, Im no MD but thats as I understand it.So with the clotting, because my platelets are so low they have given me transfusion before. See IDK until I got real sick from something else how sick I was. So i had transfusions and the platelets went up but they didnt stay up. I get some hardcore bruising, like I got punched in the leg. but it goes away. I bleed a bit but i dont bleed out unless i have serious accident, so I dont play contact sports. My spleen is enlarged. IDK what it all means I just assume its not good, but Im not depressed and if it is a no go I am not really sure what to do then that would be the hardest decision to make.I encourage my family to read this as i have repeatly tried to explain this to them they do not or will not accept and understand. They think it will get better, unfortunately that is impossible. if their was a magic elixer or tab sure. reality is it will get alot worse before it gets any better. I would encourage people to talk about it with someone they know it would make it easier i know how hard it is i find it alienates my social life and leaves me pretty alone at times. again im not sad IJS I can handle that some people probably cant and if I did have people I knew i could trust to talk to about it who understood it would make things much easier and less frustrating to explain.thanksalso i live in Australia not America or Europe.
Maybe if you are going to remove one claw from a crab and then put it back in the sea, it ought to be stoned.
I don't know of any natural remedies. If untreated, snuffles can be fatal and can be spread to any other bunnies you might have. If cost is a problem (and I know how expensive vets can be) perhaps you could call around to an affordable, low cost clinic and see if they'll help you and allow a payment plan. Or try contacting a rabbit breeders club. I'm sure they've dealt with this problem many times and have some great ideas or contacts for you.
Thanks for replying.Yes it was discovered during a lumbar MRI and no I haven't been offered a thoracic MRI but I should ask the neurologist in october to do one.Yes, the pain goes up my mid back like a band and also goes round the ribs to the front of my chest and down to join the lumbar pain.    It is like pins and needles, tingling and burning to the extreme. Also, it hurts when I lay on either side. Sometimes it hurts to breathe, especially on a bad day, then the pain makes me sick.
I've. Had bad anxiety for quite some time now but lately it has escelated. Nothing seems real and I can't seem to keep my concentration on anything. I have a constant pressure in my head and feel as though I'm right at the point of passing out all day long. It literally feels as though I'm in a terrible dream! Does anyone else experience this to a similar extreme?
Just ask him about it. You'll know if he's telling the truth. If you just leave it be you'll just stress yourself out more than from knowing the truth. Maybe so drunk girl was all over him and that's why he has the lipstick and perfume.
My riba was reduced to 400 mg from 1000mg around week 10 of treatment, after being taken off of it for four days due to hgb problems. I also had a very bad rash experience. My doctor kept me at 400mg through my EOT at week 24. I was undetected at week 4, 12, and 24.From what I have read, reduced ribavirin after you are UND doesn't seem to affect SVR.
I wouldn't say it was a panic attack as people with anxiety experience. I feel it was a scary and panicky situation for you, and with good reason with your fear of bugs. Therapy can help you so much with this, to understand the fear, deal with it, and cope so you can get outdoors and enjoy life.    You can also try working on it yourself by going outdoors for short periods, maybe wear a bug repellant to keep bugs from wanting to land on you.    I think the more you learn about each bug and how they really have no interest in us the better you can cope.    I used to run if there were bees or wasps around but being an avid gardener I am with them all the time with no problems.    I have only been stung once in my life and it was my fault.    Bugs will land on us but just as a resting place, I think we're like a big ole tree to them.    Ants will crawl on us simply because we're there! LOL    Now with a 3 year old grandson who is fascinated with bugs, we spend a lot of time on our knees watching bugs, or watching a big bumble bee on a flower, so long as we leave them alone, they go about their business.    If you run and any bug flys after you, they usually keep going, if not, just go on with what you were doing because we offer them nothing.    We aren't food for them so they have no use for us.    Mosquitos will bite but we never know this until we get the bump and it itches, which is just annoying, a good bug repellant wil stop this.    Good luck, I know you can do this!
Dear all, I recently french kissed a girl with unknown status. The next day I checked my mouth and there was a tiny cut inside my lips. Can I have acquired HIV from this? Please advise. Thank you.
Thank you all so very much but I didn't make it I gave in and truly hate myself for it but I'm not giving up I will try again I no I can do it I just gotta stay away from the people that have them. Please don't give up on me I really need the support. Thanks
just for all of us to be hopeful:http://www.sharecare.com/question/what-penile-shortening-radical-prostatectomy
When I first reported my symptoms, I was referred to an MS    specialist. I didn't request it and still really don't know what is going on.Long story short, the "specialist" only spent about ten minutes with me. No neurological tests. Wasn't interested in my brief, one-page timeline. Basically blew me off.I found another neurologist on my own and he is great. I recently found out a coworker and family friend who both HAVE MS see him. His patients, from talking to people in the waiting room, really like him.I am not necessarily concerned about bedside manner, but I do want to be taken seriously. If you are satisfied with the care you are receiving then I say if it ain't broke, don't fix it ;-) Based on my experience, MS specialists don't want to be bothered by those of us who present a challenge, who are not already diagnosed, or who aren't "textbook." Again, just my two cents.Best of luck, Minnie :)
Lol !                Hey Ricky ...good to see you!    Did a bell go off when this post came up?..
I don't have any idea what you're talking about, please run the ip on both of those accounts and im sure you will come up with two different addresses most likely from different provinces.Anyway, i thank you for your help, but to get back on track - i am wondering how much blood would have to be transferred in order to cause a concern. I just want to know if i should get tested
You probably would have felt it, especially since you were forcefully bending the needle. However, insulin needles are very small so it is possible to get stuck and not feel it.Even if you were stuck and did not feel it, that does not mean you have contracted a bloodborne disease. To beging with, your grandmother would have to have a bloodborne disease in order to give one to you. If she has none, you cannot get one (from her).If you are still concerned, talk with your doctor and get tested for Hepatitis and HIV.In the future, it would be advisable to NOT recap needles and NOT throw them in the ordinary garbage can. There are "sharps" containers that are specifically manufactured for the disposal of needles and syringesand the reason they exist is to prevent people from accidentally sticking themselves (either while recapping the needle or while handing the "trash."Ask your pharamcy where to get a sharps container.Here are a couple of links to information on sharps disposal:http://www.epa.gov/osw/nonhaz/industrial/medical/disposal.htmhttp://bd.com/us/diabetes/page.aspx?cat=7002&id=7414http://www.sharpsdisposal.com/
Nevermind the price of batteries...I can't find any!!!    Anyone:    I need "C" batteries!!    (LMAO)Which "bob"??Addict: All the suites are private. You think this is CAMP or something???
thank you =)    I'm looking for all the info I can get before my dr's appt.
He is 59 and hasn't had any problems thus far.    Their still running tests on him....
mine were back in a week from an independent lab
Ive got 105 days to go until my lil man Peyton Allen will be here... He makes number 3...already have one of each.
Thnx, and from what Hector said yesterday my ins has to comply with 1 yr tx with cirrotic pts. I think I have become too passive in controlling my destiny. Some Dr.'s are more aggresive(aggressive)and suggest vit d levels and every other level, mine is not, i do not want to change him but I think the info I get on the community will allow me to push in the right direction.
thank you for your attention , but i want to ask , what is probably i have of stds if i do protective sex ..
Yes, headaches are part of the w/ds. So is nausea, diarreah(diarrhea), rls, sleeplessness, and anxiety. Usually the 1st day is the easiest. and it gets worse until day 3or4. As bad as it hurts, and as hard as it is, its worth it in the end. If you keep using, eventually the pills wont even get you high anymore.I remember back when I was new, and I couldnt imagine taking 10-15 pills a day. But before I knew it, it was me. And I could take 20 if I wanted to. Then I got bored with that and started mixing in cocaine and extacy. Believe me, it only gets worse. My first time going for help, the doctors told me that they couldnt believe I was still standing, I had so many drugs in me.If you recognize a problem, then do your best to quit. The subs help, but youre going to have to deal with the detox from them too.
You are not going to get infected by a blood transfusion from a blood bank.
Thank you for the support! I really feel bad all day its not one particular part of the day its just all day discomfort. Today is another one of those raging fits days where i am just so angry and want to punch a wall lol! I have a question for you...how long after getting off the methadone did you start to feel better..no chills, body aches etc..i hear it is different for everybody.
Thanks, I'll keep this in mind for my next IVF.
The news keeps getting better and better!!!    I'm so glad that two of the most giving people on this board are going to meet. And I am SOOO jealous you both being on the Gulf of Mexico.Tuck, you are so right.    It is strange meeting people through the internet. But I've made quite a few e-friends online and even met some of them in person ... and one ended up being my wonderful Michael.    Never would I thought any of this would be possible.I find I learn things from all members and posters but there are some that are just exceptional and you click with at some point. I'm happy Sherry helped you through such a bad time.    I know you've been a great friend to her as well.I really hope that you'll post some photos that the rest of us can enjoy.Sherry, so glad you're getting to meet Karen, too ... you are truly loved!    And with good reason. You give and give and give.    You always have the right words for everyone,no matter what the situation.    You have definitely found your calling,and I am blessed for having you in my life.Perfect end to a really great day for me :)
the bumps are no longer in a line, it covers the whole area but they are so small and white.
What's the range on your FT4, and can you get an exact FT3 and provide its range, too?    Ranges vary lab to lab, so they have to come from your own lab report.Initial stages of thyroid disease can be characterized by swings from hypo to hyper.    Perhaps this is what you're seeing.I'm guessing that your FT4 is still pretty low in the range.    That's why your doctor wants you to resume meds.    Your cardio appointment is only a couple more days away.    Perhaps you'd feel better if you saw the cardio before resuming thyroid meds and got some reassurance on cardiac issues and hear what the cardio has to say about it all???
I have alot of those stmptoms and i have barrets esophagus, I have really bad acid reflux, headaches quite often, body cramps, ( almost like i am running a high fever ) i check my fever and it is only elevated to 99.6 or somewhere around it. I also experience left shoulder pain, pain in my sternum, pain in my middle back up inbetween my ribs ( area) sometimes i have to lie down but in    a sitting up position. I think our doctors really have no idea what is goin on. ive gone to the er so much they dont take me serious anymore. they give me a gi cocktail and send me home everytime. my gi's nurse said that the folks in the er arent really educated about barrets esophagus. i also cant sleep alot of the time i feel as if they just generally dont care. my last trip the nurse practitioner said that barrets isnt a pre cancerous disease and it is just a pouch my husband and i were looked at her like she was crazy. when we told her my specialist said it was pre cancerous she said well i guess listen to your specialist. she also gave me a cocktail and sent me packing. i do knos that barrets isnt something the doctors know much about but i feel as though i am just supposed to sit here until it turns into cancer. the doctors say it is unlikely to turn into cancer. then why do they call it a pre cancerous condition? not only that i was reading on the web a ladies testimonial about her deceased husband he was diagnosed with barrets and the doctors said the same thing to them well his moved very quickly to make a long story short he was deceased with in a year. this is scary and i am a young mother. this disease is very rare and primarily they disgnose it in men that are in their 50's. so i wish you well i take dexilant 60 mg. you could try that. it helps better than any of the other meds i take. if you find out please post back. you will be in my prayers each and every day.
hi i have medicare and blue cross ins.    they pay 75% on all prescriptions.    my niece works part time at walmarts 5 hoyurs a day for 4 or 5 days a week.    she spends her money on her and mostly her dsughter and 5 year old grandson.    there is no place arounc here that delivers.    where are you from nursegirl?    im from texas. im going to ask my doc about some things.    good luck hope all is well with you.    gloria789
It seems like everyone stops after 3 or more...I am not sure whether or not I want to have my tubes tied after this one, she'll be my second girl. Maybe I should try for a boy? It's such a difficult decision.
It does sound to me like this is possibly what is referred to as an incomplete miscarriage.    You may find you begin to bleed again or your Dr. may choose to prescribe medication or discuss a d&c with you.    It's good you are being followed up with.    In the meantime, if the bleeding become excessive (a pad an hour), it's important to seek emergency medical treatment.    This doesn't usually happen, but it's important info to have.    All the best to you, and I'm so very sorry for what you are going through.
Congratulations! I hope you are feeling good and continue to feel better every day as you reclaim your liver and your health.
Oh my gosh!    I totally remember feeling like you do right now.    My problem was that I would ALWAYS give up and go get something to "help!"    Well, this time I gave myself a real chance.    I waited it out as hard as it was.    And I mean it was REALLY hard when I knew all it would take to get rid of how I felt was a pill.    And we are used to that, right?    The ONLY thing that will help you right now is time.    Your mind is what's at work here.    Not your body.    The xanax is probably doing more harm than good right now.    I would probably discontinue that if you haven't been on it a long time!    If you have, it has to be tapered.i just want to encourage you to hang in there.    Don't decide that there is a "day" that you should suddenly feel better.    It helped me to just be ok with feeling like crap on and off for a while and not expecting relief too quickly!You can do this!!    I know you can!
Ok,thats a fair call SM,lets include the ladies in this one aswell.
Mary, Welcome to the pacer club!I've had mine since    05 and as you, was admitted via ER (night with pacer pads on, spitting out reams of paper to keep the 'tele' people busy pasting it on sheets for my file and finally admitted to ICCU.    It was a roller coaster trip.    I enjoyed your conversation, having missed using all those big words all the time!So hope you are back to normal soon and happy with your "ever ready bunny"I have to have my battery replaced next winter, am down to having a pacer check every month now.Take your time, we'll all be here waiting for you!
it is so hard as a mom to not beable to "fix" things in our childrens lives.    i have had to step back, or "be pushed back and held down" and watch my 2 oldest 25 & 20 make some very poor choices,    very big mistakes,i get so frustrated, angry,sad,disappointed. we can not control them, we can "gently" try to guide them, instruct them, advice them and hope they will listen to or even consider our suggestions. we do this all in love, concern and wanting the best for them. unfortunately they have to make and live with the mistakes they make and the consequences there of. it can be all consuming. you have to let go, as hard as it is, and i believe, just in trust them into the LORDS hands and pray for their protection. at a certain point our hands are tied. they are adults.the counseling will help you, really 1 hr. that should do i. wouldnt take be great if all was fixed in 1 hr. life you be so wonderful. my life would be fixed in 5 hrs. sign me up too.i am praying for peace and comfort for youdebbie
beeI think you are missing the mark on #2.    It really is not that there are lots of people who live their wholes lives with Hep C and die of something else.    It is more like we are the beginning of the wave.     In actuality many people contacted Hep C at the same relative time -- in the late 60s, early 70s, and these people are just "ripening" now.    The expected need for liver transplantation is accelerating --I don't know tthe numbers, but I have read many articles about the increasing need for transplants, as baby boomers age.Sometimes when i was treating I felt guilty since I was only a grade 1, stage 1.    Treatment was hard on my husband.    Now, looking back, I wish I had done the 72 weeks. I might not be retreating again soon.There are a lot of good reasons for treating.    Clearing the virus is the biggest one.frijole
I have a 15 yr old Lhaso Apso, he started having this dry hacking cough about a month ago, Im wondering if it is his heart, it is so expensive here to have him go to the vet, should I let nature take its course,, not sure what to do
You probably think I'm a stupid girl for having sex so early, or that's the vibe I'm getting from you. Many of my family members have got with their husbands/wifes at 14/16 and stayed together, I'm 15 soon. I really love my boyfriend, I know he'd never cheat on me (he respects me) and we get on great! Obviously sometimes things don't turn out right and you drift away from people, but sex has made our relationship stronger (In my point of view.) I wouldn't recommend people my age to have sex unless they know the person they're with properly. (I'd known my boyfriend 6 years prior getting together) I don't feel like it's added to my plate of my concerns at all, but that is all my point of view. I know myself very well, I have a very strong personality and not like a usual teenager because I'm quite adult in my ways (I always have been) so the decision I took to have underage PROTECTED sex was mutual between me and my boyfriend. I don't regret it at all, I just hope it'll get better.
i consulted my doctor ,,he examined my tongue and told me that its due to some viral disease he gave me some medicines as well,,now m scared again as he mentioned viral disease..
I found out at 10dpo, so about 3 1/2 weeks! :)
STD question have to be posted in the STD forum.
Hi Jessy,Thank you for the response and no there was no intercourse... My main concern is the genital to genital contact and I think I will test again as I am experiencing discomfort.    Thank you so much!
well it stopped after that little bit of pink last night and havent seen it since lol
The diabetes is fine. I know how easy it is to blame it for everything because it affects everything in one way or another, but my diabetes is under good control and I see one member of my team every 3-4 months in order to keep everything in check and in line. I will ask the neurologist if there is an opthalmic member of his group. Thank you!
also 5 months prior to it....i fingered a vagina...there was no visible cut in the finger but a broken cuticle i guess...coz it was hurtin me...
That explains a lot. Lately I doubt I even have a brain.Diane
yes. If u had a neg then the ovidrelle is out of your system. Congrats.
I have burning in the bottoms of my feet, as well as neuropathy in feet and hands.    The neuropathy is caused by years of untreated pernicious anemia, so if you haven't been tested for B12 deficiency, you should ask your doctor to do so.    I'm not sure about the burning in the bottoms of my feet.    I don't think it's thyroid related, but at this point, I can't say.    Both my FT3 and FT4 are mid range, and I recently increased my T3 med to try to raise my FT3 into the upper 1/3 of range.What are the levels of your TSH, FT3 and FT4, along with reference ranges (don't forget the ranges because they vary from lab to lab and must come from your own report).What medication(s)/dosage(s) are you on and how long have you been on them?
hi i am 17 years old and im new to the chiari community. i had a decompression on june 8th,2010 and i felt great for a while. now i have mild headaches,my hands and feet are always cold, i have had vertigo a few times, i feel like my hands shake more than usual, sometimes my words get mixed up, my body is always warm and i sweat more, and i have had a ringing noise in my ear. i dont want to tell my parents yet because they will get upset. does this mean the surgery didnt work? or is it normal to be experiencing these things after the decompression?
You can do it.Don't ever let OCD win because that's what it wants.Never give up.Tell the OCD where to go and rise above.You have the right procedures in place now so you are already half way there.Keep up the top work.
Definitely "get" exactly what you are saying dear.Please keep me posted.PM anytime you need to talk.Londres    :)
Good for you. It sounds like you are ready! Feel free to message me if you have any other questions or need any advice.~Star
i found it in the doctors forum, ok i was just wanting some one to explain this, like everytime i post im getting heck for something, i found this in the doc's forum, so i thought i would post it here and see if someone could explain it to me a lil, i wasnt trying to question anyone, but when you see a post like this it freaks you out, so can you please explain this for me. instead of allowing me to sit here n worry and send me that stuff about excessive posting or a no risk, i was asking a ? thats all i was asking for someone to explain what his results mean, and the other stuff that i did not understand.
Just a side note here.I have read some respond to the Gold Bond that 63michael mentioned and others the Eucerin. Gold Bond was the first lotion I used and the rash got out of control. The Eucerin was better for me. So if one lotion doesn't work try the other.
AMEN girl!!!! I am so happy you posted, i completely get it!!!!    I am so proud of you for posting, you recognized whats happening and reaching out.    I too had that happen and at times it still does.    THis is a mental battle that we have to fight, it so su ck s i know, but in time it will continue to get easier.    Try to distract yourself, take on a project, something to get those evil thoughts out of your head.    Just keep telling yourself one pill is NEVER enough, and you know that.    You worked so hard to get to where you are today, this will pass, just go with it and tell your brain to shut the f up!!!!!    Hang in there girl, i know you got this:-)
IV drug abusers are not in the health care occupation and they are injecting into a vein they are not being poked. .
I am so glad I found this site.    Thank you for helping answer many of my questions during this crazy time.    And if I hear from KenKeith, I hope to learn from his experience too.I completely understand your concern for your father, even though he's doing well after his bypass surgery. I think with every major event like this - it does take family/community support to have the greatest success.Tomorrow my husband and I meet with the social worker at the rehab facility to discuss his progress and next steps. From my untrained perspective, he won't be going anywhere soon. So, I'm not sure if DH will have access to a cardio specialist until he leaves there. But I plan on asking this question tomorrow and to find out if they have any other plans besides PT.
Thank all for your comments.    They have been very helpful.BarbMy doctor started me on a low dose - 50mg tablets, once a day for 4-6 weeks when I shall be retested.    No ultra sound planned - what would that be for?So there's no way to stop the antibodies killing off the thyroid?    I just have to take the hormone replacement permanently?The reference ranges for the test results are:TSH - 0.40 - 4.00 mU/L (mine were 5.93 then 4.61 when retested)Free T4 - 9.0 - 19.0 pmol/L (mine were 13)Free T3 - 2.6 - 5.7 pmol/L (mine were 4.8)TPO Ab - 1000)TG Ab - <4.1 IU/mL (mine were 146.4)Another thing that worries me is that with hypothyroidism, I understand I should have a slow metabolism, feel the cold, etc.    I always feel the cold but I have a very high metabolism, find it hard to put on weight and need to eat constantly.    I also drink and urinate very often.    I have been tested for diabetes so I think perhaps I am hypoglaecemic.    However, I am generally a very fit and healthy person! :)So if I have understood correctly, the antibodies are from the Hashis disease which is just one of those things that happens, possibly heriditary, but not really caused by anything?Thanks again.Emma
Sure as long as you know that you can get infected on your first exposure, it does happen.
hmm next time I go shopping I will look into them :D
Thanks Kyle, feel better already having finally reached out. No one but me, and my Dr.
Thanks Niko, not sure if it makes a difference but the sodium on my blood tests is normal.I will definitely attempt the natural sea salt method. Can you tell me if you think Coronary Artery Disease is a possibility? I am only 23 and my cardiologist assures me it isn't but I am worried because of my blood pressure and slightly high cholestrol 220 do you think I could have clogged arteries causing SOB?Very worried, DC
My endo called yesterday and said my total TSH was 1.36 which is down from 3.25 when I tested in January.    He says I have Hashimotos Disease, but I don't know how he knows other than feeling of my neck area and letting me know my thyroid was very small.    I do have nodules on thyroid, and did have an ultrasound once a year, but he said there wasn't any need to have this anymore. When he called yesterday he told me to say on the .75 of synthyroid and come back in July.    The trip to the endo in April was my first time to see him.    I have been treated by my DO dr. Who also only tests for total TSH.    He sent me to the endo because my TSH does go up and down and will not stay down below 2.    He thought he might be able to help me.    I was very disappointed.    I did ask the nurse while I was at his office did he treat thyroid because all I saw in his office was about diabetes.
Lol! Ud be a gma with a bunch of grandbunnies! :-D
thankyou, we have never thought of this. after intercourse, the seman always flows out.. and alot of it. so we will definitely try this!
See a doctor.    It could be a multitude of things, some of which are allergies and asthma.You could have Exercised Induce Asthma.    This is easily treated.    Many EIA patients will take a coupold puffs of an inhaler 20 - 30 minutes before exercising and they are perfectly fine.    Also, very slow warm-ups and cool-down periods help in the control of EIA as well.Feel better, and with propper care, there is no reason why you could not participate in any sport/activity you wish.
No risk your ok.
im not streesin it...im being very patient...What did ur doctors tell you when they ddnt see da heartbeat ?
Hey there. Congrats on 6 days! Thats fantastic. The good news is the majority of the yuk wds should be subsiding in the next day or 2. But then the anxiety and depression rear their ugly heads. Are you in any type of after care? My biggest issue has been anxiety. I am trying to get thru it with no meds like xanax etc. Ive been seeing an addiction therapist every day for the first ninety days of sobriety. That has help GREATLY. Tonite i am attending my 1st NA meeting and am hoping to find a sponsor. Ive also been meditating. After my car accident the other day the meditation has helped some with the pain. The dr gave me a script for thirty percocets. I had an extremely hard time and ended up taking 2 halves and flushed the remaining 29. Id rather work thru the pain than work thru going back into active addiction. Sorry im rambling    :)anyway hang tough hun and look into some after care. Ur doing great and you should be dang proud of yourself! Feel free 2 message me whenever ya feel like chatting.
Good job on staying clean for 8 days Letitgonow!    You're probably in roughly the same boat that I'm in at this point.    I've been exercising for the last 2 days biked 13 miles yesterday and about 8 miles today.    I feel good for about 2-4 hours afterwords then my mind just goes back to feeling completely devoid of pleasure.    I've been in sort of a weird haze today.    I got a mild headache that started about an hour after I finished working out, and I feel completely uninterested in my surroundings.    Not as much depressed as just devoid of emotion.    Saw the sun setting on the way home from school today, and that made me kind of happy, but nothing else really seems to phase me in either direction right now.    I did take some adderall(adderrall)today (Prescribed 20mg IR daily for ADD), but i always break them in half, take half in the morning, a quarter 5-6 hours later, and the last quarter 4 hours later if it's not too late.    Perhaps that could be it?    I'm not really sure..
If you have obstructive sleep apnea and it is effectively treated (like with CPAP), a sleeping medication shouldn't matter. I'm guessing you were on the med at the time of your titration study, so that influence would have been factored in to the pressure you were prescribed. When you hear warnings about taking sleep meds with obstructive sleep apnea, that's mainly if your apnea is untreated.If you have central sleep apnea, then that's a different story.
Went to Dr for 2 pea size lump in my chin/neck area. They did not respond to antibiotics so went for MRI and blood work.Symptoms: Itching!!!!! Especially neck and forearms, restless legs, night sweats, chest pain, palpitations, weightloss, dizzy spells, shortness of breath (these are all periodic except the RLS and itching which are only increasing)Free T4: 1.18 (.82-1.60)T3 Uptake: 35.8 (28.0-41.0)TSH, Ultra: 1.37 (.27-4.2)MRI-1. 2 mildy prominent submandibular triangle lymph nodes (1.3cmX.4cm) no necrotic appearing nodes or collections2. Right thyroid lobe contains a 1.0 cm lesionSo my bloodworm returns normal but my thyroid seems to be the culprit. I go for a ultrasound.U/S-Right Lobe Upper Pole - 1.3cm solid noduleRight Lobe Lower Pole - 6mm solid nodule & another 6mm solid noduleLeft Lobe Mid Pole - 6mm septated cystLeft Lobe Lower Pole - 5mm solid noduleSo now there are 2 hard lymph nodes in my chin/neck area, 4 solid nodules and 1 cyst in my thyroid. My next test is the nuclear uptake.Now even if every nodule came back as hot, would I still need surgery?    Is there any positive hope in this scenario that my thyroid may 'get better' (with medication)? Could I have hashimoto and how is that diagnosed?
dear sir i am a electrical engineer working in saudi arabia recently i had sex for the first time in my life with a indonasian women who is a nanee for a small baby of age 3 years ,she is working in a saudi citizen house ,when i had sex with her i used condom and again for the second time i wished to had anel sex with her with out condom and my penus is very small to hav anel sex with her so i didnt had anel sex with her but when i was having sex with her i tryd to put condom on my penus and while putting condom on my penus her vegina sexual water touched my penus head not on my penus hole so i was afraid so on the next day i went in clinic and had HIV test in which it showed me 0.202 value which is HIV - NEGATIVE .does it means that i am    free from HIV and i can live normal lifehelp me please doctor .This discussion is related to HIV1 & HIV2 Antibodies, Combo Test Includes p24 Antigen.
Then test at 6 weeks if 3 months is to long to wait,its highly unlikely that your result will change at 3 months.
@Grace: "even if you don't have it though, the odds of contracting it orally after having it genitally are incredibly low and not really an issue." is this vice versa, say you have HSV1 orally can you get it on the genitals?.
symptoms dont diagnose hiv.go back and re-read what i've told you.
Lizzie already did. Reread the replies you've been given an move on.
Hey Pip, thanks for the update!    I think that w/ a little more time, she'll be just fine.    In my opinion, our older babies just take a longer time to get back to normal after a tummy problem.
Differential dx - this link(and Lu's companion healthpage) is a useful read for those undiagnosed members.........http://msj.sagepub.com/content/14/9/1157.full.pdf+html-shell
I used to work in research as a study coordinator.    I was in charge of weeding patients out.    I chose patients who, first of all, met the inclusion criteria.    Some of the things that can make you a poor candidate..... transportation problems, saying that the visits don't fit your schedule or they will interfere with your vacation, etc., (because you want a patient that will be there for all the visits and will complete the study), being argumentative, very forgetful (because you may forget to take the meds or keep your appointments or loose the bottles you're supposed to return), very nervous, being one of those people that's "allergic to everything", being terrified of blood tests, being rude, saying that you'll have trouble following the rules of the study, being late for your appointment or cancelling and rescheduling multiple times.Tell them how much you appreciate the opportunity to participate in this study and that you will have no problem being there when they tell you because the study is your priority.You'll do fine.Co
But I dont understand because I am NOT on lexapro. I am on zoloft and klonopin, I take klonopin 2x a day. One every 12 hours, and by the time Im ready to take my second dose im in HELL ON WHEELS ***** MODE!! But the xanax never caused that side effect. I know that Klonopin is supposed to be much better for long term, but my psych says klonopin isnt used for long term anxiety relief. Im just upset because im tired of sitting around the house, miserable and not being able to go anywhere or do anything, and then when i do..eventually Im cursing someone out or having some kind of incident somewhere. Could this be a benzoid rage issue???
Hope things get better for you.. With you just starting and posting helps to see how you feel.    I know everyone is different but to some point seems the same.    I wish you the best and hope you are able to keep posting.Debbie
Yes and because the future isn't here yet we really don't know what long term side effects might be associated with these protease inhibitors. While we can look at HIV patients and PI use there is no guarantee that HCV patients will react the same. Don't get me wrong - I love the looks of these new drugs and especially the polymerase inhibitors. I am hopeful they will change the landscape of HCV treatment for the better. But, we cannot simply continue to demonize interferon because some people are treating and some people will have no choice but to treat with SOC. We run the risk of significantly increasing anxiety in those patients treating and discouraging people who should treat to opt to wait and that might be the wrong decision.A little balance is what I'm looking for.Mike
it's incredibly unlikely someone with hsv1 orally would get hsv1 genitally later on.
Thank you both for responding!    I haven't been tested for Lyme...back when I got bit, my doctor actually did prescribe a 2 week course of doxy to be safe.    What concerns me is that the head of the tick remained stuck inside me for over a month.    I asked her if she could remove it, and she said it wasn't necessary since it would work its way out on its own.    At the time, I didn't think twice about Lyme...and in fact, hadn't really looked into it until I began feeling unwell several months ago.I actually have another bite that looks exactly like the first tick bite (only this is in a different area)...I didn't see what bit me there.    I thought at first a mosquito, then when it didn't go away I figured it was a spider...now I've had it for 9 months I'm wondering if it wasn't another tick!    It's starting to go away now, but if history repeats itself, it will probably come back like the first one has been doing.Admittedly, my symptoms are mild compared to most.    I can still work, drive, do day-to-day activities...I can't exercise much though (just walking my dogs is exhausting).    Before this I was running regularly and hiking often.    I would like to figure this out sooner rather than later, because it seems if it IS Lyme, things are going to get much worse.My doctor did do an MRI (normal), cortisol test (normal), and CT scan of my sinuses (normal).    I'd like to get some other blood work done to rule out things besides Lyme...unfortunately she's made it clear at this point that she thinks I'm overreacting and is not interested in trying to figure this out.     I've now requested my medical records from her office, and once I have them in hand I'm going to try to find a new primary care doctor.    As for an LLMD, can I post here and have people PM me with recommendations?    I have a couple of names, but I always feel better knowing someone else had a positive experience.    Thanks again for your help!!
I was just about to leave...Glad I caught this but I'm confused for you!What's confusing is you're doing this on your own. There has to be a doctor.Who's handing out the SUB?It takes quite awhile to taper to 30mg comfortably. It's an absolute horror to do it fast.You need someone to help you with this...Does he feel he's at risk during the day or do you?
Thanks vicky. i know I am and will be fine.    I have no doubt in my mind/
I think the anxiety of things can often be worse than the actuality of it.    I had a tooth pulled on Monday and I sat in front of the dentist's office for half an hour before I could go in.    I was so afraid of the pain after the lidocaine had worn off but really, ice was all I needed.    Good for you for not looking for pain pills!
im a hepa b positve pro healthy cariier ako..tapos po nasa healthy condition liver ko...hbsag po yun rective sakin pero low lng..pde pa po ba ako gumaling....
so wait what another week or so
Umm Excuse me FREE, I'm not married.    Remember I'm widowed.    wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
thank you...your very kind, but I've had this for a long time but never any symptoms..like it doesn't hurt me...no it don't. It's just...more...UNCOMFORTABLE knowing I have 1 there and oh my God I hate it. Using the restroom, it's so annoying to wipe yourself after wards lol. If you know what I meen...so I dont think it'll go away like yours did ..so... i don't know. :(My bro is 31 he has it... and he lifts heavy stuff up everyday he's been having it for a long time already too his job is to lift these heavy boxes and stuff cause he's a security for a casino. but he recently had gotten this job...And he has a 4 yr old daughter and I think she has 1 too... I seen it..and my moms sisters 26 yr old daughter, (my cousin) so You think its like a pass on?? LOL.
You never had an exposure and didn't need testing in the first place.
Yes You ARE a World Champion Horse Trainer and will continue to be one.    The only difference is that you'll be even BETTER without tramadol.    I'm so happy for you sis4478 - it's so great when you start to realize that life is better without it - even with all of the withdrawal symptoms you have held your ground and stayed SO strong.    Something you should be very very proud of!Have you tried the melatonin for sleep yet?    I think because you are past the two week period (WOW!) that it might start to help.    I find it to be amazing for sleep.    I sleep every night now between 8 to 10 hours (never in my life have I had sleep like that and yes, the sleep on tram was completely fake - I never felt well rested in the morning and that went on for years!    omg!) and I still take the melatonin periodically.    It is amazing - maybe it would help you too?Keep smiling!    :)
Hello,I am 27 yrs old & new here. I've been having some problems for a few years but now its getting worse. My symptoms I get come and go every few months and last between a few days to a couple of weeks. I am concerned cause I have 2 children and one with Autism so I need to active and its so hard when I feeling this way.Here is a list of my symptoms and I would appreciate any feed back of what you think. Also, I seen a my GP, Gyn,& a cardiologist and they say everything is normal but my GP does think its STRESS which I disagree with.*Headaches & eye pain when moving eyes up , down , and side to side- went to Opthamologist and tests were normal*Tingling pins and needles & numbness on skin sometime extremly painful ( buttocks,groin, thigh, hip) 90% right side of body*Severe fatigue &    Muscle pain in arms and legs.*Frequent need to urinate and urinary hesitancy (comes and goes).*Lossing train of thought,trouble processing,& decreased memory & Scalp sensitivity.*Tingling/numbness hands & fingers shake and one time had no function for a second.*Spots in vision & weakness in hands and palms ache.*Muscle tightness or spasm on sides of neck .*Jolts of shock    pulsing in body & I feel very lightheaded(like I'm about to faint), get a tingly or pins and needles feeling on my scalp and face, and feel a little disoriented.Thank you
You never had a risk and in 30 years of HIV/AIDS no one has ever contracted HIV this way.You won't make history.
Hi Teri,5 days!!! You are doing awesome.    Yes, the coughing is normal for detox.    Your respiratory system was suppressed by the methadone and now it is coming back to life.    If you have access to an infrared sauna, it really helps to speed up the detox process.    Cardio helps immensely too.    I know you are feeling like crap, but the more you sweat, and encourage your heart and lungs to work, the better you will feel.    Think of the coughing, sneezing, GI flushing, sweating as your body ridding itself of poison and healing- because it is.    You want to support it to do this as much as you can.    Be sure to drink LOTS of water.    And hey girl, I am so proud of you...You are doing this!xoLu
They can measure portal hypertension pretty accurately but the procedure is involved and the equipment is specialized so the procedure is not generally available."Should we routinely measure portal pressure in patients with cirrhosis, using hepatic venous pressure gradient (HVPG) as a guide for prophylaxis and therapy of bleeding and rebleeding? No.Thalheimer U, Bellis L, Puoti C, Burroughs AK.SourceThe Sheila Sherlock Liver Centre, Royal Free Hospital, London, UK.AbstractPortal hypertension (PH) is a severe complication of liver cirrhosis. Measurement of the degree of portal hypertension is usually performed by measuring the hepatic venous pressure gradient (HVPG) which is the difference between the free hepatic venous pressure (FHVP) and the wedged hepatic venous pressure (WHPG). The HVPG accurately reflects the degree of PH in the majority of liver diseases. PH is defined by an increase of HVPG values above the normal upper limit of 5 mm Hg, while clinically significant PH is defined by an HVPG to 10 mm Hg. Although measurement of HVPG potentially has several applications, in clinical practice its major use has been related to the assessment of hemodynamic response to pharmacological therapy, in order to evaluate the efficacy of treatment and to predict the risk of rebleeding from esophageal varices. When properly performed, HVPG is a reliable, safe and good predictive tool in the management of portal hypertension. However, the need for appropriate equipment, sufficient and reliable operators and costs, have discouraged its use outside Liver Units specifically devoted to the clinical management of portal hypertension. This has diminished its applicability. Combining its use with transjugular liver biopsy and using the prognostic value of HVPG may help encourage its use."http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21238884
i have a one year old lab puppy and my nana found him foaming at the mouth and he wouldnt get up, when they called his name the only thing he could do was wag his tail. This is the first time he has done this and a few minutes later he was acting normal.
It could have been BTB but.. I'm really not sure.
I agree with    IBkleen     , don't even read in to that ...you're getting healthy and you will be fine....go forward with your life
Hello Everyone ,What is thee risk fo contracting HIV    by performing cunnilingus to a women ?
You need to report this to your endo to see if you can have further testing. If they know of your low tsh, why didn't they lower your synthyroid???????
If you used your baby as motivation, then switching from sodas to water will help you drop weight FAST and HEALTHY! Start walking or swimming and that will not only help you drop weight, but a strong core will help during delivery :) and of course taking your vitamins and eatting healthy, cutting back on salt (or you could get toximia which could hurt your and baby) and cutting back on friend foods (the greasy foods can cause gallbladder problems especially during pregnancy) and cutting back on sugar so you don't get gestational diabetes which could harm you and baby! Just used your baby as motivation and you can drop weight healthily for you and baby! Congrats momma!
While a positive HPV test is something to be concerned about, it's important to remember not all forms of HPV are cancerous.    I'd write a list of the things this makes you worry about to ask when you see your doctor tomorrow.    Sometimes written word is helpful, but I think hearing it from someone you see and know for sure is a medical professional will have a better, more calming affect.    Wishing you the best!
This is indeed a tough time for everyone, all you can do is be with your Mum, offer comfort & support, if it is her time she has the most important people with her at this time.I will keep you all in my prayers.Ray
Ok - don't get upset, but keeping this secret is keeping the door wide open to relapse. We all have told friends and family about our addiction - next to the actual detox it was the hardest thing that I did. I am a father and husband - bread winner, the rock, problem solver...the one my wife and kids come to for "wisdom" and guidance. Imagine how I felt when I sat them down and told them that I'd been living a lie for 15 years! But if I hadn't I would have relapsed by now. If you don't tell your family then you are just clearing the path to relapse. Your mind will never let up. Something will happen - life will happen - and you will be weak, will have forgotten the days of detox hell - and a voice will whisper that just one won't hurt. And then you're back dancing with the devil...
im trying so hard to accept my negative, but it is so hard, i want to let it go so bad why cant i just let it go, any comments on how others got thru it, i wouldnt mind hearing them, but again thanks to all that commented. it was a few days short of 5 months, and in canada the window period is 12 weeks, so i do not have to test at 6 months to a year, can anyone disclaim that, ive heard so many different things that i am fine testing 12 weeks after, see i lived thru an actual scare last year 10 months to be exact where i slept with some one that i found out had hiv, and it was unprotected i did the test up to 12 weeks and it was negative got another test in october and another in november n another in december 8 weeks after i received oral, and now its been five months since and my test was negative, teak or joggen or whom ever, can u tell me aslong as i remain faithful to my partner i will remain negative, and i can resume having unprotected sex with my partner, i shouldnt of cheated twice one was an actual scare the one i was telling u about earlier in my comment and the other was in october and i had so many tests rapid n elisa lab test and they all came back negative, the reason im scared is cause im slowing losing weight etc but my anxiety is sky high so that could be the calperate right. please u all are all i have. and i just need to put this behind me some how, any ideas would help thanks
Malignancies in the form of primary liver cancer are rare outside of cirrhosis. A mass that is quite common in the general population is called a 'hemangioma', or blood tumor. They are nearly always benign, and are usually not mucked with unless they cause biliary blockage, pain or are otherwise problematic. It's good to know they're there though; a clinician doesn't want to biopsy *through* a hemangioma. Hopefully, that will be what they discover with f/u CT scan.Viral load doesn't normally determine genotype; although when combined with rapid viral response (RVR), a baseline viral load below 400,000 IU/mL might shorten genotype 1 therapy from 48 to 24 weeks.Typically, genotype 2 and 3 require 24 weeks therapy, regardless of viral load; genotype 1 and 4 are minimally 48 weeks; sometimes longer, dependent on how quickly one achieves undetectable viral status with treatment.You're getting there; January 3rd is coming up quickly, and you'll likely be one of the doctor's most informed patients by the time you get there. Keep asking the questions, and take care. Bill
Try using a Neti pot. They are available at most drug stores. Takes a couple time to figure it out, just make sure you keep your head down, tuck chin into neck, turn head slightly.This should stop the salt water from going into throat.(harmless but tastes salty) If it doesn't just reposition head until you find the correct position. The saline really cleans out the sinus. Will make you feel so much better. The Neti pot is really good for allergies as well. I use it daily and now I rarely get sneezing and runny eyes. Also drink water+++.
I am curious to know why they want to remove your tubes?    I believe IVF is probably the best option for you given the high fsh & tube issue.    It's still possible you can get pregnant it will just be harder & may take alittle longer.We are all here for you...........so stay strong & relax as best as you can until you get all info.Donna
@ grannienannieThanks for the tip.@ OytheGreatThanks. You really mentioned stuff, i have issues with...water...i can never seem to be able to drink water, used to take a lot of pop but i recently stopped and trying now to drink water as a habit.And yes, i take a lot of sugar, but have recently turned to coffee whitener and would you recommend sweetener instead?Aside from the walking, are there ant low intensity exercise that will help that you can recommend as well?
Both depression and anxiety are a symptom of BOTH hyper and Hypo.Your wife seems pretty severely Hypo.    Get the TSH, FT3 and FT4 labs done ASAP.Thyroid can be balanced out with proper dosage of medication tailored to the person.    What response it has on psychiatry symptoms depends upon if the depression issues are solely related to being severely Hypo or if there is some other issue at play.If the FT3 is severely low again.    In order to get some relief sooner rather than later, I'd talk to her Dr. about getting on a T3 medication right away.    maybe long term the T3 med could be reduced or eliminated.    But a T4 only medication takes 4 to 6 weeks to stabilize. And you may not want to wait for that long to obtain some relief.    T3 meds also have to be started at low doses and worked up.    But since FT3 is the ONLY thing    your body's cells use, getting some T3 into the blood will have a quick response.A typical starter dose of T3 is 5 mcg to no more than about 10 mcg.    Some people even need to start at 2.5 mcg.T3 is fast acting and should have response within a few days versus weeks.Just my 2 cents
Hello!Frequent urination and pain while urination could be due to several reasons. Urinary tract infection is the commonest possibility. Urinary tract infections are common in females. Frequent urination can also be a sign of early pregnancy .You may need a urine examination. Drink plenty of fluids to flush out the bacteria from the urinary tract. In case you miss your periods take up urine pregnancy test. . It is best to discuss your concerns with a local health care provider and get your doubts clarified. Do keep us updated on how you are doing.Take care and regards!
I know you'll say I'm stupid, because my risk is BJ and fingering. The penis is badly scratched, and my fingers have scratches. I have used the fingers holding the vaginal fluid from the penis. According to our research I learned that my very low risk. And I know for Chlamydia is very low risk. And i have got Chlamydia from that relationship. I'm in an Asian country, Physicians very superficial, they gave me PEP (Douvir). At 2 weeks a rash on my legs and hands, mouth ulcers after tooth and swollen lymph glands after tooth neck, diarrhea, chills, night sweats. After using the PEP I have tested negative for anti-HIV. Today is 9 weeks, ie five weeks after using PEP, I also tested negative for Anti-HIV. I know I have to wait six months for final results, but it was so tired, I walk flu, sore throats, diarrhea lasts. My body was very unusual.
If your not pregnant this time, try keep charting your ovulation with the strips, you can buy them in bulk thru ebay to keep the costs down, it can be very frustrating after being able to fall pregnant easily,    to then all of a sudden have to try, but it will all be worth it when you do finally become pregnant, if your periods are not regular, you could give vitex a go, if not keep plugging away and hopefully it wont be too long now :)
I have had over half my thyroid out ,( toxic nodule ) , TSH levels are dropping , Ive lost 13 kgs ,this is within 14 mths ,I feel like crap , I have my dr telling me my results are nomal and its stress , Ive had mental health vist ,thanks to dr !! I take no beta blockers as a get asthma ,dont sleep unless drugged to the eye balls and am sick to death of feeling like I am going mad , TSH is 0.63 ,T3 was 4.1 T4 was 14.2 , not to mention the headaches ,the throat pain that now goes into my breast bone and down my left arm , been cardio tested and Its fine , I think its my thyroid , any help would be soooo gratefully recevied :)
what can i do for the neuropathy pain in my feet all the drugs that i have taken do not work . my pain dr, suggested that i rake a epidural. what do you think about that?
Also just because your periods are irregular does not make it impossible to know how far a long you are. it makes it hard to find out the date of conception and if you were very early, then yes, it would make it hard. But later in your pregnancy there are other things that can determine how far a long you are, like the size of the baby and your hormone levels. if they think you were in between 16-20 weeks they would have seen a baby on the ultrasound.
ty so much.. ws jus asking for answer on my situation not guarentee... ty so much for ur answer ...i read ur responses for others as well and i really hv respect for u the way u help ppl here....lv u lizzy lou
I am a taco Bell virgin because I had a burrito once and I dint enjoy it...is it a burrito place? Or is it more like nachos?x
There are many things that you can do to TTC (Try To Conceive) for instance you can chart your basal body temp at the same time each day to detect when you will ovulate, check your CM (Cervical Mucus), use OPK's (Ovulation Predictor Test) they also tell you when you ovulate, if you don't want to spend a lot of money on them you can always buy the tests at the dollar store. Also after I had my IUD removed in July 2009 I tried almost everything imaginable, such as keeping my legs up for 30min after baby dancing to make sure that no sperm got out, stayed on the bottom, since I read that if the women's on top more sperm will come out, etc. But after 6 1/2 months of trying and no luck I read about a product called pre-seed found at babyhopes.com, it's suppose to be the only lubricant safe for sperm, and it also helps get the sperm where it needs to go, I thought I might as well get it since I had nothing else to lose, and I was going on 7 months of TTC. So that month I used my OPK's and got a positive one on January 6th, 2010, my husband and I baby danced late that night using the pre-seed, and then early morning of the 7th. I finally got my BFP (Big Fat Positive) on January 19th, 2010, I am now 28 weeks and 1 day pregnant with a healthy baby boy =0) So I recommend this product to EVERYONE, since I really think that this is what gave me my BFP! Well I hope this helps, and good luck!
um..yeah... im at week 20 now... thank god ..but have been loosing hair slowly since week 16 or 17.. its getting pretty thin but i got a shorter hair cut and it does not look too bad..    i guess...
Not for HIV.
thats gross
I've tried both Soma and Flexeril (not at same time!) for muscle relaxers (I have fibromyalgia, lupus, severe arthritis).    Really the only side effect I've experienced with the Flexeril is that it makes me VERY sleepy, but when I'm hurting and having trouble getting the rest that I need, that actually is a good thing!    I don't take it every day - only when needed, so I'm not sure that if I took it more often if my body would eventually get used to it and it wouldn't make me as sleepy.Also, since I don't take it every day, I've never experienced any withdrawal symptoms on days that I don't take it.
Hi friends.    She was arrested last night on several big charges.    $30,000 bond.    We are not paying it.    I'm canceling my trip today.    If this had to happen, I'm glad it did before I flew out there, not during or after.    She is safe right now and not doing drugs.
The dosage is mild. But if you have regular mammograms (or other x-rays) the exposure is cumulative. As a general rule I avoid unnecessary testing.
i knew i was being stupid, thanks!
Thank you very much but just to make sure you got what I said.Is it absolutely no risk invole by receiving handjob without condom (Passive masturbation) in any case (e.g. giver or receiver has bleeding wound)?
Doesn't matter about the VL.
Hi. I'm new here... I won't write a long story, but briefly, I've been having MS symptoms for 7 years, or 3 years (depending on how you look at it). I had a dropped foot 7 years ago, then nothing until 3 years ago when almost all of the symptoms started showing up -- all getting worse now with no reprieve. First MRI only showed a venous angioma. I keep falling, and I just had a second MRI. My new neurologist just ordered an MRA and I wonder what he is looking for... I was told by the nurse that there is a spot on my thalamus that needs further investigation. From what I've seen on the internet, an MRA doesn't look like something that would determine a lesion. If anyone knows anything about this, I'd sure appreciate hearing from you. The internet articles are too complicated, and cognnitive loss is one of my symptoms... Also, I,d like to join this community, but don't see the green button by the forum's name. Thank you so much.
It really doesn't sound like you could be pregnant.    You can test two weeks after the incident, but if you were on the pill and had not missed any or been taking them really irregularly, you are probably not pregnant.
Your 3 month post exposure test will be conclusive.
Hi everyone, I hope you can help me with some advice.I have been trying to get pregnant for the past 2 years, without success. I am 35 yrs old, menses are super regular (28 - 29 days sharp), but very short and light.During an ultrasound last August they found 2 endometriomas (2 and 2.5 cm), I also did an HSG and both tubes are open and all the other tests (FSH, LH, antral follicle count) seem to be normal, but since I have acne, the dr also suspects PCOS, although he can't prove it since I am not overweight (I am quite thin) or have the "string of pearls". The advice from my fertility specialist is to go directly to IVF after 6 wks on Lupron, and don't try anything else before (no IUI, no drugs), specially not surgery since it would damage the ovarian reserve.I have heard that surgery might impove my chances of conceiving naturally but I am not sure if I should risk damage to the ovaries with it.I am not sure of doing the IVF either, first because its very expensive and I am scared of all the hormones and drugs involved (specially the Lupron before IVF cycle).Has anyone of you tried IVF without removing endometriomas and delivered successfully?Has anyone any advice doing the laparoscopy (first to confirm the endo and also remove cysts)?Thanks everyone
i wouldn't be offended at    all please add me to your prayer chain..
Well said.    This is a place for support and encouragement.    Everyone should feel safe here asking anything with regards to pregnancy.
Denervation is the cause of your pain when walking. It is cause by back problems such as scar tissue, nerve damage or spinal stenosis. There is a chart on my profile that shows the nerve conduction that would be helpful in showing you what the S1 S2 nerves affect. You should go have a mri or ct scan done on your back to see what is causing the problems. Things can get worse leading to permanent nerve damage and loss of feeling. I hope you get a diagnosis and relief soon. Best wishes.Sissie
thanks - feeling lil anxious and guily I suppose. have had a couple symptoms - head ache, swollen gland and a couple of sores which were unusual - tested at 3 weeks, negative, just trying to decide whether to be tested again.Apprecaite any studies on this
Reasonably OK thank you, but looking for to my GP assessment, having had the blood test and the depression questionaire. I am bothered on two counts, I realise that I have understated the PHQ-9 (I scored 16, I really should have been more honest with 21. I will have to tell him) the other quandry regards moods. I can laugh and joke with friends as though nothing was wrong, that is until my health is questioned, and I focus on my family. Then all hell lets loose. Makes me wonder is it severe depression and then 'it ai'nt 'arf. I wonder whether this is why I gave a more lighter response to the PHQ-9?. I hope you are going to have a great year. Regards Dubba
If you feel dead penis that is good sign. That indicates you are in the middle of the flatline period. As the brain restores sensitivity the penis usually becomes lively and libido returns. Give it some more time before you test it out. Most guys take about 8 weeks - some longer.
Sleep, like discipline must be a constant.It is really important for a child her age to get the same constant sleep.    You cannot make it up with a noon time nap.    She needs about a half hour of down time before she goes to bed.    During that time, read to her books from the "Learning to get along" series.    They can be found here - http://www.amazon.com/Cool-Through-Anger-Learning-Along/dp/1575423464/ref=pd_sim_b_5I don't know what her sleep habits are - but its a huge factor in anybodys daily routine.    Its also worth checking into sleep apnea.I noticed you said, "so many exprienced Mums and have tried all possible ways but all in vain."     that could be a problem.    To change behavior if has to be consistent and immediate at this age.    Experts say it takes 3 weeks of consistent reinforcement to effect a change.    If you try one thing and then try another thing, and particularly if the child is smart, it won't work.    Get the book,    "Love and Logic" by Fay and Cline.    Its got a very good system.    Hope this helps.
You have made no errors! Few of us have to to sift through the rapidly changing, immense amount of info on the Internet If anything there is only the possibility that perhaps like you me you may be a bit naive when the Protease Inhibitors were "fast tracked"The article on that one pill treatment indicates, "plans to start a combination study of two drugs in a single pill to treat hepatitis C by the end of the year, putting it on track to request U.S. regulatory approval"____________________If the combination is effective, the company could apply for regulatory approval in the middle of 2014, Bischofberger said."Starting a combination study""Could be apply for regulatory approval"______________I am in no way trying to rain on your parade I am merely saying I have seen projections for the initial dates change more time than I care to remember. In fact, off hand I do not think I have ever seen many adhere to the time frame outlined in the initial announcement.Let us hope that is not the case here since this one is Ribavarin free!!Double thanks or the link since I was unaware of this.
I agree its a matter of personal opinion. When u have a baby growing inside u, ur a mother in my book. I have suffered from 2 miscarriages, so I know how heartbreaking it is to go thru. But I wouldn't consider myself a mother after a miscarriage, (again just my own personal opinion).
New partner had abnormal cervical cells removed seven years ago.    She is checked regularly.    If she has had no abnormal cells... is her high-risk HPV virus suppressed ...like after a year of no genital warts... and therefore much less if at all able to pass to me?    Also is high-risk HPV more protect-able with a condom because infection site is at cervix rather then external genitals like warts might be...?
Thank you I will I'm gonna make it through this I haven't thought about taking pills once despite all the stress that's been going on since yesterday.    I really want to let go of them forever and have my old life back.    I've been able to sleep ok just those first 10 minutes of waking up and having life and all the symptoms hit you like a truck can be really gruesome.    The worst for me has been the lack of energy and on-and-off depression, and that's getting slightly better each passing day.I've been walking my dog and even went downtown yesterday and walked around with one of my friends for a couple of hours and that helped a lot.    I would really like to go for a good long bike ride before it starts getting too cold out, though.And thank you I'm going to keep moving forward and never look back! =]
Hi,My name's Alberto, I'm 32, and for as long as I can remember I've had an issue with my left thumb, in that even a small impact or pressure, at the right spot, causes really intense, prolonged pain, that requires my full attention for several seconds. There's no visible damage or alteration, or discernible difference to the right thumb, so pictures are pretty useless. It's something one gets used to, but I'm getting fed up with it. Makes me look crazy, clinching my thumb in agony for even small touches with no visible trauma.The precise spot is on the far left side of the nail root, or just before the fold. Perhaps at the matrix, or very near. It's about a 1/2 cm radius spot.Any suggestion as to what it might be?Thanks
hi williegirl3333,It sounds like the doctors are missing something. I had a similar "episode" to the one your mom had many, many years ago. It scared the hell out of me!! I thought I was having a stroke! and the doctors sent me to Lahey Clinic where they ran tests and diagnosed "peripheral neuropathy".... I did a search on this site and this is part of what I found.SymptomsThe symptoms depend on which type of nerve is affected. The three main types of nerves are sensory, motor, and autonomic. Neuropathy can affect any one or a combination of all three types of nerves. Symptoms also depend on whether the condition affects the whole body or just one nerve (as from an injury).SENSATION CHANGESDamage to sensory fibers results in changes in sensation, burning sensations, nerve pain, tingling or numbness, or an inability to determine joint position, which causes incoordination.For many neuropathies, sensation changes often begin in the feet and progress toward the center of the body with involvement of other areas as the condition worsens.MOVEMENT DIFFICULTIESDamage to the motor fibers interferes with muscle control and can cause weakness, loss of muscle bulk, and loss of dexterity. Sometimes, cramps are a sign of motor nerve involvement.Other muscle-related symptoms include:Lack of muscle controlDifficulty or inability to move a part of the body (paralysis)Muscle atrophyMuscle twitching (fasciculation) or crampingDifficulty breathing or swallowingFalling (from legs buckling or tripping over toes)Lack of dexterity (such as being unable to button a shirt)AUTONOMIC SYMPTOMSThe autonomic nerves control involuntary or semi-voluntary functions, such as control of internal organs and blood pressure. Damage to autonomic nerves can cause:Blurred visionDecreased ability to sweatDizziness that occurs when standing up or fainting associated with a fall in blood pressureHeat intolerance with exertion (decreased ability to regulate body temperature)Nausea or vomiting after mealsAbdominal bloating (swelling)Feeling full after eating a small amount (early satiety)DiarrheaConstipationUnintentional weight loss (more than 5% of body weight)Urinary incontinenceFeeling of incomplete bladder emptyingDifficulty beginning to urinate (urinary hesitancy)Male impotenceWhat scares me is that you say it has happened a few times and that she drives!! I think that her driving could be very dangerous! I am thankful that I only had that one episode,    which involved my arms. That one episode scared me to death! The helpless feeling of NOT being able to lift my arms up!!Please check into it... it does sound awfully similar and good luck!! Please keep me updated!((hugs)) precious_woman
Ok, thank you for clarifying. As this incident happened a year ago, you can't make an incident report as you should have according to hospital/medical facility protocol.Simply pricking your finger with a needle is very, very low risk. It requires injecting fluid into your system for transmission to occur. It is extremely unlikely that there was enough blood on the tip of the needle to pose a risk for you. However, as you are worried and anxious, you can get a simple rapid test done now for a conclusive result, and because in a medical setting, if you are ever pricked with a needle that was previously used on a patient, you need to test for HIV and HCV because that is what is done according to protocol.I wish you the very best of luck.
I can understand your feeling a bit off balance with four new referrals and the possibility of dropping one person from your team.    All is in flux!    I have two new, one semi-new, and four others all within a few weeks and I feel the strain.    I can see though that once all gets established and I get a rhythm it should be    easier.    But you point out the fact there still will be changes.    I too will probably not need one person much longer.    Not all are up to the journey or needed the whole distance.    I can't emphasize too much that some are found to be not helpful and others helpful beyond belief.    It takes a while too to figure things out and since we are not static things will keep changing.    I have moved my dental cleanings up to every four months now that I have the SICCA symptoms.    Will talk more to the hygienist about my intolerance of the xyloltol that is in so many of the moisturizing mouth products.I also want to get a medic alert bracelet.    I have put that off all this time because I felt like my dx needed to be more complete.    Maybe after the Mayo visit I will feel like I can finally put something concrete down on paper. Lots of loose ends!Good luck with your dental things and the new referrals.    I hope they all lead to more help and clarity!    Here's to some semblance of normal for us all and soon!!    Marie
Zero risk from this type of activity for Hiv transmission.
